hello friends welcome to the channel
mechanical review the channel where we
like to show them Asian cars and in
this case is an asian umissa armed
in Mexico, so I want to show you
some component parts
and let's start with the train
butt the butt is very similar very
similar in most of those who have
rigid shaft with high shock absorber that
let's go telescopic player and spiral one
for the right side and the left side
the same story after entity has
drum brakes
It comes with alloy wheels
I will also tell you that your tank
of fuel is plastic
like many other brands
and good in the plastic tank some
manufacturers say it's better than the one in
steel because in case of accident not
sparks and then minimize the
rivers
The exhaust pipe
next to me
that does not heat the fuels
the same as
this isolated with respect to the floor of the
car have a grandmother protection
the exhaust pipe travel
from both sides this that we are
seeing here is the second catalyst and
the first catalyst we see there that
it is well close to the multiple
of escape that you can see here
so we are here I will comment
the engine is entirely the aluminum
blog and the crankcase and its lid deciding on
this case here what we are seeing is
my automatic sanctity
and the automatic box
and the front train
comes with mac person like most of
the cars
today
and good at the bottom has its
frame with the kneecap
it has two bushings the good bushings
false source that links it to the body
this comes with a stringer
with so much it's a bit short compared to
our cars that we have seen comes with
good protection against gravel and with
some missing because here by
example against him the bass opal here not
has nothing here comes unprotected to
same as
this other part although you can think
that here is not necessary but good is
painted to the edge
Y
and the other to show is that neither
it brings motor protection comes in a
plastic that more than anything has been for
that did not get dirty we made the least
possible